README.md, before:

# Scybernethics
A repository of Scybernethics related files (texts, schemas, etc).

## Texts

### Main scybernethics text (08/2024): 
- PDF format : [Scybernethic(s): existential enaction, creative cognition and technological hermeneutics, toward a second-order rationality](https://github.com/cog-data/Scybernethics/blob/main/Scybernethic(s)_%20existential%20enaction%2C%20creative%20cognition%20and%20technological%20hermeneutics%2C%20toward%20a%20second-order%20rationality.pdf)
- MD format: [Scybernethic(s): existential enaction, creative cognition and technological hermeneutics, toward a second-order rationality](https://github.com/cog-data/Scybernethics/blob/main/Scybernethics%20-%20Existential%20enaction%2C%20Creative%20cognition%20and%20Technological%20hermeneutics%2C%20toward%20a%20second-order%20Rationality.md)

>>> See last version at: https://scybernethics.org/scybernethics-enaction-cognitive-rationality-second-order-cybernetics/

## Schemas

[Schemas about Scybernethics](https://github.com/cog-data/Scybernethics/tree/main/Schemas)

## Meta-Threads
- [Scybernethics Terminology 1](https://github.com/cog-data/Scybernethics/blob/main/Micro-Essays/ThreadReader_0_ki_cog_1789933765277425852.pdf)
- [Scybernethics Terminology 2](https://github.com/cog-data/Scybernethics/blob/main/Micro-Essays/ThreadReader_0_ki_cog_1816432449032737118.pdf)

## Micro-Essays 

[Christophe Rigon's scybernethics Micro-Essays](https://github.com/cog-data/Scybernethics/tree/main/Micro-Essays)

(Originally published on X and compiled at [Treadreader](https://threadreaderapp.com/user/ki_cog)

## Social Media Threads

- X/Twitter: [Christophe Rigon / Soto² 🪸 - Scybernethician](https://x.com/ki_cog)

## LICENSE: 
All material in this repository are under Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International license.
Creative Commons Url: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/

Commit message:

Update README.md - My "Brain"

README.md, after:

# Scybernethics
A repository of Scybernethics related files (texts, schemas, etc).

## Texts

### Main scybernethics text (08/2024): 
- PDF format : [Scybernethic(s): existential enaction, creative cognition and technological hermeneutics, toward a second-order rationality](https://github.com/cog-data/Scybernethics/blob/main/Scybernethic(s)_%20existential%20enaction%2C%20creative%20cognition%20and%20technological%20hermeneutics%2C%20toward%20a%20second-order%20rationality.pdf)
- MD format: [Scybernethic(s): existential enaction, creative cognition and technological hermeneutics, toward a second-order rationality](https://github.com/cog-data/Scybernethics/blob/main/Scybernethics%20-%20Existential%20enaction%2C%20Creative%20cognition%20and%20Technological%20hermeneutics%2C%20toward%20a%20second-order%20Rationality.md)

>>> See last version at: https://scybernethics.org/scybernethics-enaction-cognitive-rationality-second-order-cybernetics/

## Schemas

[Schemas about Scybernethics](https://github.com/cog-data/Scybernethics/tree/main/Schemas)

## Meta-Threads
- [Scybernethics Terminology 1](https://github.com/cog-data/Scybernethics/blob/main/Micro-Essays/ThreadReader_0_ki_cog_1789933765277425852.pdf)
- [Scybernethics Terminology 2](https://github.com/cog-data/Scybernethics/blob/main/Micro-Essays/ThreadReader_0_ki_cog_1816432449032737118.pdf)

## Micro-Essays 

[Christophe Rigon's scybernethics Micro-Essays](https://github.com/cog-data/Scybernethics/tree/main/Micro-Essays)

(Originally published on X and compiled at [Treadreader](https://threadreaderapp.com/user/ki_cog)

## Social Media Threads

- X/Twitter: [Christophe Rigon / Soto² 🪸 - Scybernethician](https://x.com/ki_cog)

## My online "Brain"

This is a semantic n-dimensional network/mind map that I have been weaving since the beginning of the 90's, along with the enaction of my "Scybernethics" work. It has played the important role of a parallel and distributed (analogic) external memory (hypomnemata, cf. Foucault, Stiegler), to helping me tackle the hyper-complexity of my "subject". At the beginning it was mainly in French, but since then more and more in English. It contains around 30 000 items and is the result of an evolutionary process of both a top-down (learning) and a bottom-up (creative) dynamics. "Scybernethics" is its resulting acme.

Here's a link to the online version of this personal maze: https://bra.in/5jrYdQ

## LICENSE: 
All material in this repository are under Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International license.
Creative Commons Url: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/
